README.md, before:

 ## Hi,

I'm Ben, a freelance data scientist on UpWork with a diverse work experience from the private sector, the not-for-profit organizations, and the Canadian government. I specialize in artificial intelligence, software development, and cybersecurity, delivering data-driven solutions that shape strategic decision-making. I am known for my adaptability and my results driven mindset, and I bring cross-industry expertise to every initiative—transforming complex challenges into impactful outcomes.

As a member Toastmasters International since 2019, I am current member of McGill University Toastmaster Club. I have strengthened my public speaking and leadership skills through Toastmasters. I joined virtual meetings with different Toastmasters clubs in Ottawa, Montreal, Quebec, Washington D.C., Geneva, and Japan, enhancing my ability to communicate across different audiences.

## Portfolio:

https://ben854719.github.io/

## Continuous Learning: 

I believe in lifelong learning and have actively pursued knowledge in Cybersecurity (Coursera) and Data Scientist: Natural Language Processing (Codecademy) to expand my skill set. My curiosity drives me to stay up-to-date with advancements such as Agentic AI, LLMs, GenAI, TensorFlow, Keras, and PyTorch.

## Technical Expertise:

I have hands-on experience with various programming languages and technologies:
- Languages: Python, Polars, SQL, JavaScript, C++, Node.js, TypeScript, Git, GitHub.
- AI & Machine Learning: LLMs, GenAI, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Agentic AI

I thrive on solving complex problems, collaborating on innovative projects, and pushing the boundaries of technology.

## Hackathon:

Fun fact:--> [NASA Space Apps Challenge_Hackalthon_2024.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/17383260/NASA.Space.Apps.Challenge_Hackalthon_2024.pdf)

Hackathon 2025 (AI Tinkeres Ottawa - Build to Convert)

## Let's Connect!

I'm always open to discussing new opportunities, collaborations, or just chatting about the latest advancements in tech.

Commit message:

Add social media follow/connect section
Added a section about following and connecting on social media.

README.md, after:

 ## Hi,

I'm Ben, a freelance data scientist on UpWork with a diverse work experience from the private sector, the not-for-profit organizations, and the Canadian government. I specialize in artificial intelligence, software development, and cybersecurity, delivering data-driven solutions that shape strategic decision-making. I am known for my adaptability and my results driven mindset, and I bring cross-industry expertise to every initiative—transforming complex challenges into impactful outcomes.

As a member Toastmasters International since 2019, I am current member of McGill University Toastmaster Club. I have strengthened my public speaking and leadership skills through Toastmasters. I joined virtual meetings with different Toastmasters clubs in Ottawa, Montreal, Quebec, Washington D.C., Geneva, and Japan, enhancing my ability to communicate across different audiences.

## Portfolio:

https://ben854719.github.io/

## Continuous Learning: 

I believe in lifelong learning and have actively pursued knowledge in Cybersecurity (Coursera) and Data Scientist: Natural Language Processing (Codecademy) to expand my skill set. My curiosity drives me to stay up-to-date with advancements such as Agentic AI, LLMs, GenAI, TensorFlow, Keras, and PyTorch.

## Technical Expertise:

I have hands-on experience with various programming languages and technologies:
- Languages: Python, Polars, SQL, JavaScript, C++, Node.js, TypeScript, Git, GitHub.
- AI & Machine Learning: LLMs, GenAI, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Agentic AI

I thrive on solving complex problems, collaborating on innovative projects, and pushing the boundaries of technology.

## Hackathon:

Fun fact:--> [NASA Space Apps Challenge_Hackalthon_2024.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/17383260/NASA.Space.Apps.Challenge_Hackalthon_2024.pdf)

Hackathon 2025 (AI Tinkeres Ottawa - Build to Convert)

## Follow me or not:

If you decide follow me then I follow me. You unfollow me then don't connect with me. I will block you moving forward.

## Let's Connect!

I'm always open to discussing new opportunities, collaborations, or just chatting about the latest advancements in tech.
